Remove duplicate models (the end) (#353)
github/codeql-go: change-notes/2020-09-23-stdlib.md

lgtm,codescanning

> * Add/improve taint-tracking models for 60 Go standard library packages (for which taint-modelling makes sense).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add/improve taint-tracking models for 60 Go standard library packages. This may lead to more results from all queries that track tainted data, including queries scanning for cross-site scripting vulnerabilities and SQL injection vulnerabilities among others.```
